you are the children of the Lord your
you are the children of the Lord your God you shall not cut yourselves nor
God you shall not cut yourselves nor
God you shall not cut yourselves nor shave the front of your head for the
shave the front of your head for the
shave the front of your head for the dead for you are a holy people to the
dead for you are a holy people to the
dead for you are a holy people to the Lord your God and the Lord has chosen
Lord your God and the Lord has chosen
Lord your God and the Lord has chosen you to be a people for himself a special
you to be a people for himself a special
you to be a people for himself a special treasure above all the peoples who are
treasure above all the peoples who are
treasure above all the peoples who are on the face of the earth you shall not
on the face of the earth you shall not
on the face of the earth you shall not eat any detestable thing these are the
eat any detestable thing these are the
eat any detestable thing these are the animals which you may eat the Ox the
animals which you may eat the Ox the
animals which you may eat the Ox the Sheep the goat the deer the gazelle the
Sheep the goat the deer the gazelle the
Sheep the goat the deer the gazelle the roe deer the wild goat the mountain goat
roe deer the wild goat the mountain goat
roe deer the wild goat the mountain goat the antelope and the mountain sheep and
the antelope and the mountain sheep and
the antelope and the mountain sheep and you may eat every animal with cloven
you may eat every animal with cloven
you may eat every animal with cloven hooves having the hoof split into two
hooves having the hoof split into two
hooves having the hoof split into two parts and that choose the card among the
parts and that choose the card among the
parts and that choose the card among the animals nevertheless of those that shoe
animals nevertheless of those that shoe
animals nevertheless of those that shoe the cud or have cloven hooves you shall
the cud or have cloven hooves you shall
the cud or have cloven hooves you shall not eat such as these the camel the hare
not eat such as these the camel the hare
not eat such as these the camel the hare and the rock
and the rock
and the rock hi Rex for they chew the cud but do not
hi Rex for they chew the cud but do not
hi Rex for they chew the cud but do not have cloven hooves they are unclean for
have cloven hooves they are unclean for
have cloven hooves they are unclean for you also the swine is unclean for you
you also the swine is unclean for you
you also the swine is unclean for you because it has cloven hooves yet does
because it has cloven hooves yet does
because it has cloven hooves yet does not chew the cud you shall not eat their
not chew the cud you shall not eat their
not chew the cud you shall not eat their flesh or touch their dead carcasses
flesh or touch their dead carcasses
flesh or touch their dead carcasses these you may eat of all that are in the
these you may eat of all that are in the
these you may eat of all that are in the waters you may eat all that have fins
waters you may eat all that have fins
waters you may eat all that have fins and scales and whatever does not have
and scales and whatever does not have
and scales and whatever does not have fins and scales you shall not eat it is
fins and scales you shall not eat it is
fins and scales you shall not eat it is unclean for you all clean birds you may
unclean for you all clean birds you may
unclean for you all clean birds you may hate but these you shall not eat the
hate but these you shall not eat the
hate but these you shall not eat the eagle the vulture the Buzzard the red
eagle the vulture the Buzzard the red
eagle the vulture the Buzzard the red kite the Falcon and the kite after their
kite the Falcon and the kite after their
kite the Falcon and the kite after their kinds
kinds
kinds every Raven after its kind the ostrich
every Raven after its kind the ostrich
every Raven after its kind the ostrich the short eared owl
the short eared owl
the short eared owl the seagull and the hawk after their
the seagull and the hawk after their
the seagull and the hawk after their kinds the little owl the screech owl the
kinds the little owl the screech owl the
kinds the little owl the screech owl the white Elm the jackdaw the carrion
white Elm the jackdaw the carrion
white Elm the jackdaw the carrion vulture the Fisher owl the stork the
vulture the Fisher owl the stork the
vulture the Fisher owl the stork the heron after its kind and the coop oh and
heron after its kind and the coop oh and
heron after its kind and the coop oh and the bat also every creeping thing that
the bat also every creeping thing that
the bat also every creeping thing that flies is unclean for you they shall not
flies is unclean for you they shall not
flies is unclean for you they shall not be eaten you may eat all clean birds you
be eaten you may eat all clean birds you
be eaten you may eat all clean birds you shall not eat anything that dies of
shall not eat anything that dies of
shall not eat anything that dies of itself you may give it to the alien who
itself you may give it to the alien who
itself you may give it to the alien who is within your gates that he may eat it
is within your gates that he may eat it
is within your gates that he may eat it or you may sell it to a foreigner for
or you may sell it to a foreigner for
or you may sell it to a foreigner for you are a holy people to the Lord your
you are a holy people to the Lord your
you are a holy people to the Lord your God you shall not boil a young goat in
God you shall not boil a young goat in
God you shall not boil a young goat in its mother's milk
its mother's milk
its mother's milk you shall truly tithe all the increase
you shall truly tithe all the increase
you shall truly tithe all the increase of your grain that the field produces
of your grain that the field produces
of your grain that the field produces year by year and you shall eat before
year by year and you shall eat before
year by year and you shall eat before the Lord your God in the place where he
the Lord your God in the place where he
the Lord your God in the place where he chooses to make his name abide the
chooses to make his name abide the
chooses to make his name abide the tithes of your grain and your new wine
tithes of your grain and your new wine
tithes of your grain and your new wine and your oil
and your oil
and your oil [Music]
[Music]
[Music] of the firstborn of your herds and your
of the firstborn of your herds and your
of the firstborn of your herds and your flocks that you may learn to fear the
flocks that you may learn to fear the
flocks that you may learn to fear the Lord your God always but if the journey
Lord your God always but if the journey
Lord your God always but if the journey is too long for you so that you are not
is too long for you so that you are not
is too long for you so that you are not able to carry the tithe or if the place
able to carry the tithe or if the place
able to carry the tithe or if the place where the Lord your God chooses to put
where the Lord your God chooses to put
where the Lord your God chooses to put his name is too far for a meal when the
his name is too far for a meal when the
his name is too far for a meal when the Lord your God has blessed you
Lord your God has blessed you
Lord your God has blessed you then you shall exchange it for money
then you shall exchange it for money
then you shall exchange it for money take the money in your hand and go to
take the money in your hand and go to
take the money in your hand and go to the place which the Lord your God
the place which the Lord your God
the place which the Lord your God chooses and you shall spend that money
chooses and you shall spend that money
chooses and you shall spend that money for whatever your heart desires for oxen
for whatever your heart desires for oxen
for whatever your heart desires for oxen or sheep for wine or similar drink for
or sheep for wine or similar drink for
or sheep for wine or similar drink for whatever your heart desires you shall
whatever your heart desires you shall
whatever your heart desires you shall eat there before the Lord your God and
eat there before the Lord your God and
eat there before the Lord your God and you shall rejoice you and your household
you shall not forsake the Levite who is
you shall not forsake the Levite who is within your gates or he has no part nor
within your gates or he has no part nor
within your gates or he has no part nor inheritance with you at the end of every
inheritance with you at the end of every
inheritance with you at the end of every third year you shall bring out the
third year you shall bring out the
third year you shall bring out the tithes of your produce of that year and
tithes of your produce of that year and
tithes of your produce of that year and store it up within your gates and the
store it up within your gates and the
store it up within your gates and the Levite because he has no portion or
Levite because he has no portion or
Levite because he has no portion or inheritance with you and the stranger
inheritance with you and the stranger
inheritance with you and the stranger and the fatherless and the widow who are
and the fatherless and the widow who are
and the fatherless and the widow who are within your gates may come and eat and
within your gates may come and eat and
within your gates may come and eat and be satisfied that the Lord your God may
be satisfied that the Lord your God may
be satisfied that the Lord your God may bless you in all the work of your hand
bless you in all the work of your hand
bless you in all the work of your hand which you do